in this mystical restaurant the more
food the people above eat the worse the
people down floor would be
the whole movie has only one line but
the audience could still feel its depth
in a dark room the bald man was staring
at one thing only
a table full of delicious dishes diners
dressed in proper clothes were sitting
at the same table
fragrant sausage delicious fresh meat
the diners here seem wealthy
a man in a military uniform has a
serious face
there are also elegant upper-class
people this man looked like the leader
of a cult
his hair and beard were all faded they
all shared a same thing
which was the dust on their clothes but
they don't talk to each other
they just eat under the bald guy's
command the food was delivered
continuously
there's a slightly special person here
which is this beautiful woman
she didn't eat anything she looked
around with angry eyes
no one noticed her the waitress
constantly delivers food
after that everyone continued to chew
voraciously with scary eyes
there was a sound on the ground the
waitress put down the plate
they have taken a look at each other and
then backed away suddenly the dining
table with the guests and the ground
fell together down the floor
the bald man was calm and took notes the
next floor
he said through the device all the
waitresses hurriedly packed everything
up and went downstairs
the lamp slowly lowered a female guest
looked up at the ceiling
there are many holes it turned out that
they had fallen from the upper floors
many times
the waitresses quickly helped diners to
wipe off the dust
they were no longer strangers to this
some even immediately continued to eat
new dishes were also brought out the
food was becoming more and more exotic
as well as expensive
diners still don't stop eating only the
other girl still refused and didn't eat
while no one noticed the new dishes were
brought out
not long after they continued to fall
the bald man and the attendant quickly
followed but this time when the waitress
had not
finished arranging the table continued
to fall the bald guy
immediately ordered the staff to go down
to the next floor
this time they heard the sound from the
lower floor when they haven't even close
to it
he changed his mind he moved downstairs
and waited for the guests to fall down
the guests upstairs saw the waitresses
have left there was not much food on the
table
they picked up the food with their hands
and stopped using knives and forks
someone even took other people's food at
that time the other girl eventually felt
hungry
she picked up the food in front of her
she smiled
she has also taken someone else's food
but her tears fell
it was as if she had been unable to
resist and fell into lust
the sound from the ceiling grew louder
the bald guy and the waitress were also
ready
an extremely terrible noise was heard
the dining table fell but it didn't stop
it fell continuously down the floors it
seems that no floor can bear their
weight
that is the same as the fact that
nothing can satisfy their greed
the bald man gave a confusing smile
everything seems to be in his plan
each delicious dish on the table is like
countless temptations in life
maybe we can
you